docs: updated version documentation (#173)
iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge: docs/versionsdescription.rst

     - Machine Learning
   * - 0
     - CMS 2015 Open Data (POET)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - None
   * - 1
     - CMS 2015 Open Data (NanoAOD)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - None
   * - 2 (WIP)
     - CMS 2015 Open Data (NanoAOD)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>30` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>30` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5 (see :ref:`versions-cuts` for additional cuts)
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - BDT to predict jet-parton assignment in :math:`t\bar{t}` events
     
     

> Description of AGC Tags

Reviewer: "AGC Tags" is probably too generic, maybe following the title "AGC Analysis Task Versions" above:
```suggestion
Reference Implementation Versions 
```

================================
This section is specific to the implementation in the `main repository <https://github.com/iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge>`_.

> The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC tags, including descriptions of minor versions and patches which are implementation-specific. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below table gives a brief overview of the different tags of the reference implementation, including descriptions of minor versions and patches which are implementation-specific. 
```

.. _versions-description:

> Versions

Reviewer 2: Maybe "AGC analysis task versions"? These are essentially the relevant versions for other implementations to work against.

================================

The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC versions. Each version here corresponds to a slightly altered task.

.. list-table:: Versions
   :widths: 12 22 22 22 22
   :header-rows: 1
   
   * - Version
     - Datasets
     - Cuts
     - Systematics
     - Machine Learning
   * - 0
     - CMS 2015 Open Data (POET)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - None
   * - 1
     - CMS 2015 Open Data (NanoAOD)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>25` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - None

>    * - 2

Reviewer 2: let's add a "(WIP)" here as this will still slightly change

     - CMS 2015 Open Data (NanoAOD)
     - Exactly one lepton with :math:`p_T>30` GeV; at least four jets with :math:`p_T>30` GeV; at least one jet with :math:`b`-tag > 0.5 (see :ref:`versions-cuts` for additional cuts)
     - :math:`t\bar{t}` sample variations, ``pt_scale`` variations, ``pt_res`` variations, ``btag`` variations, **W + jets** scale variations, luminosity
     - BDT to predict jet-parton assignment in :math:`t\bar{t}` events
     
     
Description of AGC Tags
================================

> The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC tags in the main repository (<https://github.com/iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge/tags>`_). The above table describes differences in task, while the below table describes differences in implementation

Author: I attempted to clarify here. Please let me know if the changes are sufficient

> The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC tags in the main repository (<https://github.com/iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge/tags>`_). The above table describes differences in task, while the below table describes differences in implementation

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me, let's get @eguiraud's view as well.

> Our reference implementation [...] will always refer to the latest tag

The "refer to" sounds a bit strange to me here, it implies to me that we have somewhere a thing called "reference implementation" that links to the latest tag or so. Maybe just "be"?

> The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC tags in the main repository (<https://github.com/iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge/tags>`_). The above table describes differences in task, while the below table describes differences in implementation

Author: Changed "refer to" as you suggested

> The below table gives a brief overview of the AGC tags in the main repository (<https://github.com/iris-hep/analysis-grand-challenge/tags>`_). The above table describes differences in task, while the below table describes differences in implementation

Reviewer: I suggested a couple of improvements below just to more clearly separate "AGC" from "AGC (reference) implementation". Other than that looks great!

     - Pure ``coffea``; create cached files using ``ServiceX`` queries followed by standalone ``coffea`` processing
     - Systematic variations within ``coffea`` processor are manually calculated using ``awkward`` array logic (jet :math:`p_T` variations are not propagated through signal region observable calculation)
     - Functions used in ``coffea`` processor are defined in the notebook
   * - 1.0.0
     - 1
     - Yes
     - Pure ``coffea``; create cached files using ``ServiceX`` queries followed by standalone ``coffea`` processing
     - Systematic variations within ``coffea`` processor are manually calculated using ``awkward`` array logic (jet :math:`p_T` variations are not propagated through signal region observable calculation)
     - Functions used in ``coffea`` processor are defined in the notebook
   * - 1.1.0
     - 1
     - Yes
     - Pure ``coffea``; create cached files using ``ServiceX`` queries followed by standalone ``coffea`` processing
     - Systematic variations within ``coffea`` processor are manually calculated using ``awkward`` array logic (jet :math:`p_T` variations corrected)
     - Functions used in ``coffea`` processor are defined in the notebook

>    * - 2.0.0

Reviewer 2: here also a "(WIP)"

Reviewer 2: I think that allows skipping the "released" as well, as this is a fairly unique situation now and we'd usually not be talking about unreleased versions
